Covariate In Psych training, this variable covaries withe the metatmeter
sx  Sd of Gaussian Envelope, orthogonal to Orientation.
sy  Sd of Gaussian Envelope, Parallel to Orientation.
dp  Phase angle disparity.  For RLS/RDS its a disparity in degrees, but made by "rotating" the pattern, not by horizontal displacement
xn  For Gabors, size of grid rectangle in X direction
yn  For Gabors, size of grid rectangle in Y direction
sl  sl=0 make RDS/RLS dynamic. sl=1 fixed seed, static/drifting (jv  > 0). sl=n pattern changed every nth frame, if n > 1
f2 SF of second frequency component for compound gratings/plaids
helpfile path to a text file with help. Syntax: helpfile="Label"filename  "Label" is shown on in help menu. Contents of filename will be displayed.
cd Sets correlation (ce) to +1 and sets disparity orthogonal to RF (dO) to the value given. Just for Conveneice - doesn't change other variables.
Bs sets background stimulus type 
Bh Background Stimulus Size
Fa Direction for movement of Fixation point (Saccadic if Ff >0, Pursuit if pi > 0)
Ff Frame on which Fixation point jumps. Jumps back after 2x Ff frames have elapsed
Fs Size of fixation point jump (degrees)
xo horizontal pos of stimulus (degrees)
yo vertical pos of stimulus (degrees)
lo File name for logging weight, coil settings 
dp disparate phase. For RLS/RDS this applies a disparity in degrees by "wrapping around"
dx disparity applied by horizontal translation of whole stimulus
dx disparity applied by vertical translation of whole stimelus
sz sets wi and hi.
wi Full Width (diameter). For Bars, this determines how far they sweep
sf Spatial Frequency (cpd). For Bars, widht of bar is half period.
xn density of sampling in x direction for stim that use interpolation. Rare
yn density of sampling in Y direction for stim that use interpolation. E.G. When there is a Gaussian envelope. Rarely set by user
tf temporal frequency (Hz)
ph spatial phase in degrees. This will get changed if tf != 0 see also ip
ip initial phase. Set Spatial phase at stim start
f2 SF of component 2 in compound gratings (2grating)
t2 TF of component 2 in compound gratings (2grating)
p2 phase of component 2 in compound gratings
c2 contrast of component 2 in compound gratings and plaids
a2 when > 0, turns grating into plaid, and RLS into noise plaid. Sets angle difference between components, so changes in or rotate both.
sl 0 = dynamic RDS/RLS. 1 = drifting RDS/RLS. If >1, then image changes every nth frame. If op+rp this change is a new pattern, othewise a displacemt to achieve nominal speed (jv). sl>1 also makes grating drift sampled
jv Drift speed of dots in RLS, lines in RLS. For Cylinder sets speed of axial rotation.  

